G.M. Sues Rival Over Bribery Scheme as Union Scandal Expands
The suit claims Fiat Chrysler sought to undermine contract negotiations with the autoworkers union to hurt G.M.


Tesla’s Winding Road to Berlin
Elon Musk’s announcement of a factory in Germany took the industry by surprise, but the deal had been in the works for months.


Google Hires Firm Known for Anti-Union Efforts
After nearly two years of unrest, the company appears to be cracking down on employee activism.


One Whopper Jr., Hold the Toy
As environmental concerns grow, chains like Burger King and McDonald’s are rethinking what to offer with children’s meals.


Henry Paulson Sounds Alarm: U.S.-China Relations May Only Get Worse
Whether or not a trade truce is reached, the two countries have been pushed further apart, the former Treasury secretary said.


Free Internet Is Proposed in Britain. Is It Even Possible?
A Labour Party plan to provide government-sponsored broadband service has raised questions about how it would work, and who would pay for it.


U.S. Bill Supporting Hong Kong Rights Heads to Trump’s Desk
After winning House and Senate approval, the bill could complicate the administration’s already rocky talks with China to end the trade war.


Media Workers Call Out Pay Gaps in Crowdsourced Spreadsheets
Three shared online documents listing salary information purport to show stark disparities.


Trump Floats Tariff Exclusions for Apple at Texas Manufacturing Plant
The president suggested that a trade deal with China remains some distance off, but said he would “look into” Apple receiving exemptions from more tariffs.


No, That Mac Factory in Texas Is Not New
President Trump said on Wednesday that he opened a facility that makes computers for Apple. It’s been operating since 2013.


Apple Pulls Samuel L. Jackson Movie From Festival, Citing ‘Concerns’
“The Banker,” one of the tech giant’s first forays into film, was a day away from its premiere at AFI Fest in Los Angeles.


The Big Business of Unconscious Bias
Companies want to avoid racism, sexism and misgendering. Consultants are standing by.


‘I’m 17 Years Old, and I’m Terrified’: The Issues Our Readers Hope Come Up at the Democratic Debate
Ahead of the Democratic debate on Wednesday, we asked Times readers what issues they most wanted the presidential candidates to discuss, and why.


Trump’s F.D.A. Nominee Sidesteps Questions About Banning Flavored Vaping Products
The nominee, Dr. Stephen M. Hahn, said the decision to restrict flavors would not be his, if confirmed, because it was already under final review by the White House.


Fed Unlikely to Cut Rates Again Unless Economy Shows Signs of Weakening
Minutes of the Federal Reserve’s last policy meeting reinforced the central bank’s message that it may be done cutting rates barring economic weakness.


Walter J. Minton, Publisher Who Defied Censors, Dies at 96
As president of Putnam’s, he broke ground with sexually explicit works like “Lolita” and “Fannie Hill,” worked with top authors and scored many best sellers.


Want the Greenest Device? You May Already Own It
One way to help the planet is not to buy new tech, especially stuff the planet never needed, says Kendra Pierre-Louis, who reports on the environment.


How Democrats Would Tax High-Income Professionals
The primary race has created plenty of talk about levying billionaires. But leading Democratic proposals could also affect millions of well-paid workers.


A Sea Change for Plastic
Architects and designers are finding new workplace and household uses for the stuff polluting our oceans.


What If Porn Had No Pictures?
Female-run businesses want to bring audio pornography to the imaginative, ethically conscious masses.


Rare Virginia Woolf Materials Sold to New York Public Library
The newly acquired items include rarities like eight letters written by Woolf’s husband and sister shortly after she disappeared and committed suicide.


Elon Musk Ordered to Stand Trial in Cave Explorer’s Defamation Case
The explorer had filed a lawsuit last year after Mr. Musk accused him of being a “pedo guy.” Mr. Musk wanted the case thrown out.


Senate Passes Bill to Support Hong Kong Protesters, Putting Pressure on Trump
The House and Senate both passed the bill with a veto-proof majority. It compels the U.S. to penalize Chinese and Hong Kong officials responsible for abuses.


A.M.A. Urges Ban on Vaping Products as Juul Is Sued by More States
The American Medical Association echoed the concerns of California and New York, the latest two states to file lawsuits alleging that the company had targeted young people with deceptive marketing.


4 Democratic Candidates Push NBC on Eve of Debate
Citing harassment allegations at the network, Cory Booker, Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren urged its parent, Comcast, to conduct an independent review.


Gannett, Now Largest U.S. Newspaper Chain, Targets ‘Inefficiencies’
The merger of GateHouse Media and Gannett is now final, creating the largest newspaper publisher in the nation and raising concerns about the industry’s future.


Trying to Trademark a Meme? OK Boomer
At least five trademark applications are pending for the retort, according to a database for the federal patent office, including one by Fox Media, which hopes to use it for a possible television series.


PG&E Struggles to Find a Way Out of Bankruptcy
California’s largest utility needs to reach a settlement with victims of wildfires and other creditors while fending off calls for a state takeover.


Vegan Man Sues Burger King, Claiming It Cooks Impossible Whopper Next to Meat
The fast food chain declined to comment on the lawsuit, which follows other controversies over how restaurants prepare orders that are ostensibly meatless.


How a Gig Worker Revolt Begins
Rev was just a small start-up offering online transcriptions. Now it’s the latest symbol of a gig-economy company whose workers are fed up.


What Is End-to-End Encryption? Another Bull’s-Eye on Big Tech
After years of on-and-off debate over nearly snoop-proof security, the industry is girding for new pressure from law enforcement around the world.


The Suburban Office Park, an Aging Relic, Seeks a Comeback
After losing tenants to revitalized downtowns over the last decade, developers are adding modern amenities to secluded campuses.


TikTok’s Bid to Regain Trust
Having taken a beating over national security concerns, the company is now wondering how it can convince Washington that it’s safe.


Qantas Says It Would Back Suit by Flight Attendant Called Racist by Will.i.am
The musician posted the name and photograph of the airline employee on Twitter after a dispute on a flight in Australia.


Starting Your Own Business Is Hard. Here’s Some Advice.
Other women have done it with great success, and here are some steps you can take to follow their lead.


These Villages in Thailand Are Part of the Global Economy. Go to Ikea to Find Out.
A project employing women from poor hill tribes is transforming lives in northern Thailand.


Dealing With Bias in Artificial Intelligence
Three women with extensive experience in A.I. spoke on the topic and how to confront it.


Poverty Impacts Access to Health Care. These Women Are Trying to Change That.
A look at three women who are working to make people with low incomes healthier.


Apple TV Plus and Disney Plus: What Shows Are Worth Watching?
The initial lineups of original shows on the two streaming services are hit-and-miss. But here are five worth checking out.


How Can Female Entrepreneurs Attract Financing?
Money is the biggest stumbling block for start-ups led by women, but there are ways to work around that.


How Democrats Would Tax High-Income Professionals (Not Just the Mega-Rich)
Moody’s data shows that higher taxes would be paid disproportionately in Democratic-leaning states.


Justice Dept. to Abolish Movie Distribution Rules Dating to 1949
The agency says the rules are effectively obsolete because of technological advancements like streaming.


Chick-fil-A Stops Giving to 2 Groups Criticized by L.G.B.T.Q. Advocates
Rights organizations called the decision a positive step but said the fast-food chain should do more.


Pompeo Calls for Restraint in Hong Kong, and McConnell Asks Trump to Speak Up
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the police and protesters should refrain from violence. Senator Mitch McConnell said President Trump should make forceful statements on Hong Kong.


Random House Names a New Publisher and Hires a Top Editor From Knopf
Andy Ward succeeds Susan Kamil, who died in September, and will be replaced in his previous role by Robin Desser, who edited Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Cheryl Strayed at Knopf.


U.K. Election Rivals Try to Offer Business Leaders a Friendly Face
Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn made efforts to dispel past impressions in speeches to Britain’s largest industry group.


GPS for Air Travel Came With Big Downsides: Noise, Then Lawsuits
The F.A.A. is rolling out a system that allows planes to fly closer to one another, but the roar that it creates is unbearable, people in the flight paths say.


Oklahoma Walmart Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, Police Say
A woman and two men were killed in the shooting, which happened in Duncan, Okla.


Trump Meets With Fed Chair Powell for a ‘Cordial’ Talk
The president has made a habit of criticizing the chair of the Federal Reserve, Jerome H. Powell, whom he picked to lead the central bank.


Trump’s Made-for-TV Trade War Keeps World Guessing
The president’s unpredictability and demands of China are complicating an end to the long-running dispute, experts say.


Google Stadia Wants You to Replace Your Video Game Console. Don’t.
The search giant’s new console-free gaming service is a neat concept. But there are bugs and too many unknowns.


T-Mobile’s Longtime C.E.O., John Legere, Will Step Down
Mr. Legere was credited with reviving the telecommunications company. He has been instrumental in navigating T-Mobile’s pending merger deal with Sprint.


Stop! Don’t Charge Your Phone This Way
You might want to think twice before plugging in at an airport or on the train.


SoftBank and Line Corp. Seek to Create a Japanese Internet Giant
Fresh off a multibillion-dollar loss on WeWork, SoftBank plans to shore up its domestic business with a big bet on Japan’s leading messaging app company.


WeWork May Lay Off Thousands of People
The beleaguered office space company could announce plans to cut its work force by at least a third as early as this week.


The Streaming Era Has Finally Arrived. Everything Is About to Change.
Once a generation, Hollywood experiences a seismic shift. It is happening again.


Maybe This Time, the Bikes Won’t End Up in the River
Uber has launched a bike share program in Rome, where potholes, vandalism, traffic and theft have defeated previous attempts.


TikTok’s Chief Is on a Mission to Prove It’s Not a Menace
Alex Zhu, the head of the Chinese-owned viral video app, is trying to assuage Washington’s fears. “I am quite optimistic,” he said.


Trump Retreats From Flavor Ban for E-Cigarettes
Advisers say the president pulled back from proposed restrictions intended to curb teenage vaping after he was warned of the political fallout among voters.


