Bombshells and Cringe Jokes on a Huge Day of Testimony
In the explosive impeachment-hearing appearance by Gordon Sondland, drama and farce were never far apart.


‘A Christmas Carol’ Review: God Rest Ye Merry, Plutocrats
This lively reimagining of Dickens’s yuletide perennial, written by Jack Thorne, returns the story’s social conscience to center stage.


Grammy Nominations 2020: Lizzo, Billie Eilish and Lil Nas X Dominate
Young artists lead the major categories as the Recording Academy strives to align its awards with the musicians pushing pop into the future.


Grammys Snubs and Surprises: Taylor Swift, Lil Nas X and More
A new crop of pop stars lead the 2020 nominations, leaving stalwarts like Swift out of some major categories.


At the Entrenched Met Museum, the New Director Shakes Things Up
One year into the job, Max Hollein shows that art shouldn’t be seen solely through a Western lens.


They’re Actual Supporting Actors, and Oscar Should Take a Look
If leading performers drop into supporting categories to score a nomination, they may push out performances given by these seven standouts.


As Kids, They Starred in Holiday Hits. They Moved On. Can We?
For former child actors best known for Christmas movies, “Groundhog Day” is probably the seasonal film that best describes their experiences.


Mickalene Thomas Shares Everything. Even a New Show.
Inviting fellow artists to join her exhibition at the Baltimore Museum of Art fits into her notion that art can create positive change.


Four Directors Cast Out of Hollywood. Four Different Futures.
Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, Louis C.K. and Nate Parker are all trying comebacks. How they fare depends on the audience and the work, among other factors.


Late Night Is Tickled by Gordon Sondland’s Impeachment Testimony
“In order to catch a selfish, idiotic hotel business guy, you have to send a selfish, idiotic hotel business guy,” Samantha Bee joked Wednesday.


What’s on TV Thursday: ‘Philharmonia’ and Vanessa Hudgens
A French thriller series about a Parisian orchestra hits Topic. And Vanessa Hudgens stars in “The Knight Before Christmas” on Netflix.


Review: ‘Einstein’s Dreams,’ Adapted and Muddled in a New Musical
Alan Lightman’s novel loses its charm in Joanne Sydney Lessner and Joshua Rosenblum’s show, which lacks a sense of a sure artistic voice.


Susan Choi Wins National Book Award for ‘Trust Exercise’
Sarah M. Broom won the nonfiction prize for “The Yellow House,” one of several memoirs in the category. Arthur Sze won in poetry for “Sight Lines.”


Taylor Swift, Lizzo, Lana Del Rey: Pop Stars (and Their Fans) Clap Back
Are artists responsible when their fan armies can be weaponized?


Remembering National Book Award Winners of the Past
On the day the 2019 honorees were unveiled, we recall recipients who have died in recent years.


The Met Opera’s Credit Outlook Darkens After Modest Deficits
Rising capital expenses, including the repair of its theater’s travertine exterior, are among the company’s financial challenges.


‘Pumpgirl’ Review: Gas for Sale but Dreams on Hold
An exquisite Irish Repertory Theater revival captures a trio of lost souls aching to connect in their constricting small town.


When Book Deals Get Politicians Into Hot Water
The former Baltimore mayor Catherine Pugh, charged with fraud over her “Healthy Holly” children’s series, isn’t the first elected official who’s run into book trouble.


Walter J. Minton, Publisher Who Defied Censors, Dies at 96
As president of Putnam’s, he broke ground with sexually explicit works like “Lolita” and “Fannie Hill,” worked with top authors and scored many best sellers.


A Rose Is a Rose Is … Your Experience of a Rose? A Writer Plumbs Consciousness
In “Out of My Head,” Tim Parks turns to scientists, philosophers and psychologists to explore ideas about human perception.


Overlooked No More: Pauline Boty, Rebellious Pop Artist
With her daring feminist art and freewheeling lifestyle, Boty personified the cultural scene known as Swinging London.


Oxford Names ‘Climate Emergency’ Its 2019 Word of the Year
In a break from precedent, the dictionary company released an all-environmental shortlist including “climate action,” “climate denial” and “eco-anxiety.”


After ‘For Sama,’ a Syrian Family Finds Refuge in London
As Waad al-Kateab’s intimate documentary about life during the Syrian uprising airs on PBS, she discusses what her family’s day-to-day looks like as refugees in England.


Review: Philip Glass, at 82, Unveils His First Piano Sonata
Maki Namekawa gave the American premiere of the piece, a pleasant and passing revue of Glassian riffs.


AIDS Memorial Quilt to Return Home to San Francisco
The quilt’s more than 50,000 panels will move to the National AIDS Memorial, while its archive of personal items will go to the Library of Congress.


Meet the Artists in Mickalene Thomas’s Orbit
For her exhibition at the Baltimore Museum of Art, Ms. Thomas pulled on her connections to the city to feature established and emerging artists.


What Small Theater Does for New York? A Lot, Study Finds
Playhouses and troupes beyond Broadway generate $584 million in economic benefit. But dependence on volunteer labor is high.


Grammy Nominations 2020: See the List
Highlights from the 62nd annual awards’ 84 categories.


What Happened to the Stolen Gold Toilet?
There is still no sign of Maurizio Cattelan’s “America,” which disappeared from a palace in England two months ago. But theories abound.


New York Galleries: What to See Right Now
“Postwar Women” at the Art Students League; “Japan Is America”; Howardena Pindell’s “Autobiography” series; Man Ray’s paintings; and Ebecho Muslimova’s comic, fearless muse.


Building David Byrne’s ‘Utopia,’ One Gray Suit at a Time
Bare feet, bare stage, roving musicians — and yes, those suits. Here’s what goes into every performance of the stylish Broadway concert “American Utopia.”


What If Porn Had No Pictures?
Female-run businesses want to bring audio pornography to the imaginative, ethically conscious masses.


Murder at Lake Maggiore
Piero Chiara’s existential thriller “The Bishop’s Bedroom” explores a dangerous game of deception in the years just after World War II.


Late Night Delights in Republican Response to Purple Heart Veteran
Stephen Colbert joked Tuesday: “The only way Vindman could be more all-American is if he appeared in a Ken Burns documentary about the Statue of Liberty — which he did as a child.”


A Prominent Chinese-American Artist Is the Latest to Fall Afoul of China’s Censors
An upcoming exhibition at a Beijing arts center was canceled, the latest sign of how China’s turn toward a more hard-nosed authoritarianism has crept into civil society.


What’s on TV Wednesday: ‘It’s Always Sunny’ and ‘Lady and the Tramp’
The 14th season of “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” wraps up on FXX. And a live-action “Lady and the Tramp” is on Disney Plus.


Rare Virginia Woolf Materials Sold to New York Public Library
The newly acquired items include rarities like eight letters written by Woolf’s husband and sister shortly after she disappeared and committed suicide.


Review: Female Chemistry in ‘The Half-Life of Marie Curie’
A new play focuses on the first woman to win the Nobel Prize and her friendship with Hertha Ayrton, a fellow scientist played by Kate Mulgrew.


After Hiatus, Trump Awards National Arts and Humanities Medals
This year’s winners include Alison Krauss, Jon Voight, James Patterson and the musicians of the United States military.


An Artist Who Makes Paintings Without a Canvas
Ahead of a new solo show, Suzanne Jackson talks about her creative routine, her love of jazz music and the worst studio she ever had.


Mustapha Matura, Caribbean Playwright in London, Dies at 79
His often satirical plays spoke for an alienated West Indian population in postwar Britain and for the people he left behind in Trinidad and Tobago.


‘The Hidden History of Burma’ Traces the Vanishing of Hope
Thant Myint-U’s new book offers a deeper understanding of the country’s history and of the trajectory of its de facto political leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.


When You Can’t Afford a Jane Austen Original
A new coffee table book revisits the publishing histories of novels like Pride & Prejudice, Emma and Sense & Sensibility.


The Man Who Was American Music
James Kaplan’s “Irving Berlin” traces a celebrated life that extended over 100 years.


Songs of Survival and Rebellion
Their music spans genres and generations, but six iconic performers strike a similar chord in their new memoirs. The dominant note? Honesty.


What Tweets and Emojis Did to the Novel
The digital age ushered in new ways of reading — and revived old ones (the scroll and the ideogram). Could it also explain the rise of autofiction? Charles Finch considers.


Trying to Trademark a Meme? OK Boomer
At least five trademark applications are pending for the retort, according to a database for the federal patent office, including one by Fox Media, which hopes to use it for a possible television series.


Roman Polanski’s French Film Industry Support May Be Waning
The director’s latest movie is topping the French box office, but a trade association is looking to suspend his membership.


Study of TV Directors Finds Record Level of Diversity
According to a Directors Guild of America report, 50 percent of episodes were directed by women or people of color, a huge increase from five years ago. Still, there were gaps.


My ‘Face Is My Voice’: A Deaf Dancer Lands Her Dream Role
Alexandria Wailes deftly weaves choreography and American Sign Language in Ntozake Shange’s “For Colored Girls.”


A Last Dance for Leonard Cohen
The musician and poet released “You Want It Darker” 19 days before his death in 2016. His son, Adam, finished more songs from those sessions for a posthumous album.


The Best of Philip Glass’s (Many) Operas After ‘Akhnaten’
He has written around 30, depending how you count. Listen to some highlights.


The New ‘Cats’ Trailer Is Here, Now With More Idris Elba
With longer looks at co-stars and a bigger emphasis on plot, the clip  leaves out mention of behind-the-scenes personnel like Andrew Lloyd Webber.


Instead of a New Album, Rihanna Drops a Book
A large-scale memoir-in-images, simply titled “Rihanna,” is the latest in the musician-turned-mogul’s luxury offerings.


Review: In ‘Love in Hate Nation,’ the Revolution Will Not Be Scrutinized
Joe Iconis’s new musical celebrates women’s prison flicks and girl group harmonies. But his teen rebels could use a cause.


Design That’s Got Users in Mind
In “User Friendly,” Cliff Kuang and Robert Fabricant recount America’s long history of making products that take people’s needs into account.


The Kids Who Love ‘Frozen’ and the Parents Who Love Them
We asked families about life with “Let It Go.” Whether playing it 91 times or blocking their ears, they all agree it has taken over their worlds.


How Do I Fill the ‘Succession’-Size Hole in My Sunday?
A TV critic offers a suggestion, as well as answers to other questions from readers.


