Sondland acknowledges Ukraine quid pro quo, implicates Trump, Pence, Pompeo and others
The historic, if disputed, testimony is the most damaging yet for the president.


Beating Trump, rather than beating up on each other, was focus of fifth Democratic debate
The top 10 Democrats tried to appeal to voter fears of a Trump reelection.


What happened in the Democratic debate: Candidates squabble over black voters, draw contrasts with Trump
The 10 presidential candidates gathered in Atlanta for their fifth debate, hours after a Trump-appointed ambassador told House members that the president had sought to use his powers for political gain.


Transcript: The November Democratic debate
What the candidates said in the Washington Post-MSNBC debate.


Transcript: The November Democratic debate
What the candidates said in the Washington Post-MSNBC debate.


Winners and losers from the latest Democratic debate
The best and worst of the MSNBC-Washington Post debate in Atlanta.


3 takeaways from Laura Cooper’s and David Hale’s testimony
Laura Cooper testified that Ukraine asked about its military aid the same day Trump asked Ukraine’s president for a favor.


Fact-checking the fifth Democratic presidential debate
Here's a roundup of ten claims from the fifth Democratic presidential debate of the 2020 campaign.


Just tuning into the 2020 Democratic primary? Start here.
Catch up on what's happening with campaigns, candidates, polls and early states.


Democratic debate highlights: Candidates discuss rights and U.S. role in the world
Ten Democratic candidates took the stage for a debate co-hosted by MSNBC and The Washington Post.


Winners and losers from the latest Democratic debate
The best and worst of the MSNBC-Washington Post debate in Atlanta.


Your questions about the candidates, answered
Answering the most common questions in near-real-time.


Defense official testifies that Ukrainians asked about status of security assistance on same day as Trump call
Laura Cooper, a deputy assistant secretary of defense, told House lawmakers Wednesday evening that her staff received an inquiry from the Ukrainian Embassy asking about the status of the funds July 25.


Sondland’s dramatic testimony shakes the impeachment debate and undercuts the president
Drawing others into the pressure campaign, the E.U. ambassador puts Republican allies of Trump on the defensive.


Sondland acknowledges Ukraine quid pro quo, implicates Trump, Pence, Pompeo and others
The historic, if disputed, testimony is the most damaging yet for the president.


Who talked the most during the November Democratic debate
Which candidates got the most airtime.


Sondland’s bombshell testimony leaves Trump’s Republican allies scrambling
The ambassador publicly detailed an explicit “quid pro quo” with Ukraine at the president’s ultimate directive.


3 takeaways from Laura Cooper’s and David Hale’s testimony
Laura Cooper testified that Ukraine asked about its military aid the same day Trump asked Ukraine’s president for a favor.


‘Easy come, easy go’: Sondland embraces his role in impeachment history with nonchalance
The ambassador emerged as a provocative but bewildering witness for the Democrats — someone who affirmed their assertion of a quid pro quo but expressed none of their outrage.


What to know about the Democratic debates
The next Democratic debate, co-hosted by MSNBC and The Washington Post, will take place in Atlanta on Nov. 20. Which candidates will be on the stage? What are their stances on key issues? What has happened in previous debates?


What Trump, Pence, Pompeo and others knew, according to Gordon Sondland’s testimony, texts and emails
A rundown of who knew what when in the pressure campaign against Ukraine, according to the U.S. ambassador to the European Union.


Sondland’s testimony advances likely impeachment charge of obstruction
The ambassador to the European Union’s assertion that the Trump administration kept him from accessing his own emails adds new ammunition to Democrats’ charge that the White House tried to cover up its activities in Ukraine through a campaign of obstruction.


Ukraine aid may have been stopped in early July — and Ukraine likely knew by the time of Trump’s call
The timeline of the withholding of aid has been murky.


Who is Fiona Hill and why does her public testimony matter?
The former top Russia expert at the White House knows what John Bolton was thinking in crucial moments.


