Thanks for the memories, Gerardo Parra. Go make some more, Nationals.
Washington’s charmed ‘Baby Shark’ season is unreplicable, but the window of competitive opportunity remains open.


Depleted Capitals run out of steam against the Rangers
Playing without several regulars, including the recently suspended Garnet Hathaway, Washington goes down in a 4-1 defeat.


Bradley Beal helps the Wizards overcome their defensive woes to beat the Spurs
Beal scores 21 of his 33 points in the third quarter, and Washington earns a 138-132 victory over San Antonio.


It’s another learning week for Dwayne Haskins, who believes his mistakes are fixable
The Redskins' rookie quarterback said Wednesday that he is continuing to learn a few days after a rocky start against the Jets.


Colin Kaepernick isn’t bending to the NFL, and he’s beating the league at its own game
Kaepernick dared to out-NFL the NFL. The league created a publicity stunt disguised as a tryout. He crafted his own rebuttal.


After a shooting left a 10-year-old dead, two high school football teams come together to finish the game
Camden and Pleasantville high schools met at the Philadelphia Eagles' stadium, where they received word of the death of 10-year-old Micah Tennant.


Banished after Baylor rape scandal, Art Briles is coaching again and wants to leave it at that
‘I was hired to coach football’: Exiled in East Texas, he seems happiest keeping himself in the dark of a film room.


Tom Brady says he’s disliked the Cowboys ’since coming out of the womb’
Brady, who grew up a 49ers fan, also made sure to note his 'respect for those guys,' a few days before New England takes on Dallas.


Capitals’ Garnet Hathaway slapped with three-game ‘intent to injure’ suspension for spitting
Speaking to reporters after Washington's loss Wednesday night to the Rangers, Hathaway said will not appeal the ban.


Maryland plays with purpose on both ends of the floor in a win over George Washington
Shakira Austin finishes with 15 points, eight rebounds, four assists, four steals and four blocks in the Terps’ 88-54 rout of the Colonials.


Ben Simmons, the NBA’s most notorious non-shooter, breaks through with first three-pointer
Long known as one of the league's most reluctant perimeter shooters, the Sixers guard finally made the first three of his career.


Maple Leafs make Mike Babcock the highest-paid ex-coach in NHL history
Signed in 2015 for an unprecedented $50 million over eight years, Babcock didn't make it through a third of his fifth season with Toronto.


Georgetown enters key stretch with emerging big man but guards still in development
The Hoyas head to Madison Square Garden to face No. 22 Texas on Thurday and then either No. 1 Duke or California in the 2K Empire Classic.


Potential No. 1 NBA pick James Wiseman suspended 12 games after withdrawing NCAA lawsuit
Memphis said it will appeal the ruling related to money Coach Penny Hardaway gave Wiseman's mother as a high school coach to help her and her son move.


Gerardo Parra signs in Japan, ending ‘Baby Shark’ era at Nationals Park
The veteran outfielder, a key piece of the Nationals' championship run, signed with a Japanese professional team on Wednesday.


Terps’ Ricky Lindo Jr. got the message from a benching, and a career game followed
Coach Mark Turgeon has preached to the sophomore forward that if he plays within his role — defense and rebounding — his offense will come.


Mason Rudolph apologizes for fight with Myles Garrett, bears ‘no ill will’ toward him
The Steelers quarterback added that he “definitely didn't say anything” to provoke the Browns defensive end.


Orlando eyes MLB expansion team, even though baseball has been a bust in Florida
The man who brought the NBA to Orlando thinks its a fine place for an MLB franchise.


Charles Barkley apologizes for telling reporter, ‘I don’t hit women, but if I did, I would hit you’
Barkley said he was trying to make a "joke that wasn't funny at all."


Capitals make handful of roster moves ahead of game against Rangers
Carl Hagelin (upper body) was placed on long-term injured reserve, Nic Dowd (hand) was placed on injured reserve and Nicklas Backstrom (upper body, day to day) is also out against the New York Rangers Wednesday night.


AAC football is every bit as good as ACC, though it can’t get in the same club
The American Athletic Conference relentlessly pushes itself as part of the “Power Six,” and this season you can hardly blame it.


Fantasy football start/sit Week 12: Dak Prescott faces his toughest opponent yet
Avoid matchups against the Patriots, 49ers, Broncos, Bills and Chargers in favor of those against the Cardinals, Lions, Buccaneers, Bengals and Dolphins.


Tom Brady says he’s disliked the Cowboys ’since coming out of the womb’
Brady, who grew up a 49ers fan, also made sure to note his 'respect for those guys,' a few days before New England takes on Dallas.


Charles Barkley apologizes for telling reporter, ‘I don’t hit women, but if I did, I would hit you’
Barkley said he was trying to make a "joke that wasn't funny at all."


Ben Simmons, the NBA’s most notorious non-shooter, breaks through with first three-pointer
Long known as one of the league's most reluctant perimeter shooters, the Sixers guard finally made the first three of his career.


Potential No. 1 NBA pick James Wiseman suspended 12 games after withdrawing NCAA lawsuit
Memphis said it will appeal the ruling related to money Coach Penny Hardaway gave Wiseman's mother as a high school coach to help her and her son move.


Maple Leafs make Mike Babcock the highest-paid ex-coach in NHL history
Signed in 2015 for an unprecedented $50 million over eight years, Babcock didn't make it through a third of his fifth season with Toronto.


TV and radio listings: February 25
Your guide to the world of sports on television and radio.


Alex Smith’s progression from a hospital bed to a treadmill, in one striking Instagram video
Monday marked one year since the Redskins quarterback suffered a devastating leg injury.


The Redskins hit rock bottom again. It’s a tradition with them.
Is an ugly loss at home to the Jets the worst it can get for Washington? Probably not.


Jeffrey Wright was a local lacrosse star long before finding fame in Hollywood
The star of HBO's "Westworld" recently appeared at St. Albans, his alma mater.


Hail or Fail: Fans chant ‘sell the team’ as Redskins hit a new low in loss to Jets
Washington is off to its worst 10-game start since 1961.


Pills, foil with residue found in home of Redskins’ Montae Nicholson after woman’s apparent overdose, search warrant says
Nicholson’s lawyer said the drugs belonged to a guest and his client had no knowledge of them.


Bad is good? The Redskins are making a serious run at the No. 1 pick in the draft.
The latest loss gives Washington a better than 50-50 chance of picking in the top two spots of the 2020 NFL draft, with a one in three chance of picking first overall.


Next step for Nationals’ top prospect Carter Kieboom depends on Anthony Rendon
Kieboom could play second base or be the replacement for Anthony Rendon at third.


Trea Turner has surgery to repair right index finger
Nationals shortstop played through injury for much of the season after getting hit by pitch trying to bunt.


Capitals forward faces possible discipline after receiving a match penalty
All match penalties carry with it an ejection and an automatic suspension pending review by the NHL office.


Ted Leonsis still believes Wizards’ turnaround can be ‘quick,’ already sees signs of life
Unlike in previous years, Leonsis will not judge the team on its record.


How Scott Brooks missed his chance to meet Prince, and more tales from Wizards’ road trip
Don’t ask the coach to sing “When Doves Cry.”


Bradley Beal can’t stop the Wizards from suffering another dispiriting loss to the Magic
Orlando entered Sunday as one of the worst offensive teams in the NBA, but it withstood Beal’s hot shooting and won, 125-121.


José Mourinho, who once said he’d never coach Tottenham, is new coach at Tottenham
In need of a turnaround, slumping Spurs turn to controversial yet successful manager.


Ben Olsen is likely to return as D.C. United coach
Olsen, the club's coach since late 2010, has not won a playoff game since 2015.


George Mason soccer coach Greg Andrulis resigns after 15 seasons
The Patriots were 4-12-2 this fall under the former MLS coach and have not made the NCAA tournament since 2013.


Megan Rapinoe won a Woman of the Year award. She thanked Colin Kaepernick.
The soccer star vowed "to work relentlessly to dismantle" a system that "is quite literally tearing us apart in this country."


While the Redskins chase shiny objects, smart NFL teams build with linemen
The organization has never valued consistent hard work, and that has resulted in its current failures.


The Eagles are the NFL’s biggest enigma just two seasons removed from a Super Bowl win
Carson Wentz and Philadelphia are at a crossroads after their future once appeared limitless.


The Redskins are making it harder to care about them with each passing loss
On another empty Sunday at FedEx Field, there is little for home fans to get excited about.


Lamar Jackson has won over his teammates, his doubters and all of Baltimore
The Ravens quarterback was again spectacular in a blowout win over Houston, and he is firmly in the NFL MVP race.


Some new looks yield the same result: Another double-digit win for No. 6 Maryland
In a 74-55 victory over Fairfield, four players reached double digits for the sixth-ranked Terps, led by a game-high 17 points from Jalen Smith.


Maryland walk-on Reese Mona earned a rare moment in the spotlight. He didn’t waste it.
Mona scored five points Saturday against Oakland, enjoying the fruits of his work behind the scenes.


As Javon Leake becomes a standout for Maryland, his dad follows as best he can from prison
“The way he’s elevated his game is just amazing,” Joel Simpson said of Maryland's leading rusher and standout kick returner. “I just want to witness that with my own eyes.”


Jeremy Roach signs with Duke, as many D.C.-area prospects make use of early signing period
Other top-ranked recruits will wait until 2020 to make their college choices official.


W.T. Woodson sweeps its way to the Virginia Class 6 volleyball championship match
The Cavaliers beat Washington-Liberty in straight sets to advance to the state title match for the first time.


Loudoun County volleyball stands a win away from its eighth straight state title
The Raiders blitzed host Blacksburg in straight sets to advance to Friday’s Class 4 championship match against Grafton.


Girls’ soccer Top 10: SMAC schools Calvert, Northern win Maryland championships
Spalding tops the fall's final rankings.


