James Wiseman of Memphis Can Return From Suspension in January
The N.C.A.A. had declared Wiseman, potentially a top N.B.A. draft pick, ineligible because his family improperly accepted moving funds while the player was still in high school.


English Soccer Is Hopelessly Addicted to José Mourinho
England just can’t quit the Portuguese coach. But is Tottenham Hotspur right to bet its future on a man whose best days may be behind him?


Charles Barkley Is Accused of Threatening a Female Reporter
Alexi McCammond, a political reporter for Axios, said the Turner Sports analyst told her he would hit her — if he hit women.


10-Year-Old Boy Who Was Shot at High School Football Game Dies
The victim was a spectator at a Friday night playoff game in New Jersey.


At the Heart of Serbia’s Tennis Success Story
Janko Tipsarevic practiced in a drained swimming pool that was converted into a court. Now he is part of the core of another strong Davis Cup team.


Brooks Koepka Withdraws From Presidents Cup Team
Player-captain Tiger Woods selected Rickie Fowler as Koepka’s replacement.


In Astros Inquiry, Rob Manfred Raises Possibility of Big Penalties
The M.L.B. commissioner signaled that the Houston Astros could be subject to serious penalties if they were found to have electronically stolen signs.


The Rebooted Carmelo Anthony: Same as He Ever Was
Anthony, one of the most prolific scorers in N.B.A. history, struggled in his return to the floor on Tuesday. How patient can the Portland Trail Blazers be?


George Morris, Equestrian Legend, Is Permanently Barred From the Sport
Accusations of sexual abuse led to the expulsion of Mr. Morris, a former coach of the United States Olympic team.


Mauricio Pochettino Was So Successful He Couldn’t Win
Pochettino transformed Tottenham into a club that could not afford to fail, and in doing so guaranteed that he would.


Jamal Crawford Wants His Melo Moment
In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein talks to Crawford about his desire to continue playing in the N.B.A., even as his 40th birthday draws near.


Vera Clemente, Flame-Keeping Widow of Baseball’s Roberto, Dies at 78
After her husband’s death in a plane crash in 1972, she carried on his humanitarian and philanthropic legacy.


Getting Hockey Referees Ready for the Big Leagues
The N.H.L.’s method for keeping the league supplied with officials was never systematic. So it started to treat potential referees like potential draft picks.


Maple Leafs Fire Coach Mike Babcock
Babcock has won a Stanley Cup and Olympic gold medals, but he could not end Toronto’s championship drought.


There are Eight Undefeated Pac-12 Basketball Teams. Really.
U.C.L.A. and Arizona appear to be strong again for a conference that put only three teams in each of the past two N.C.A.A. tournaments.


Texans Look for Stability Against Wildly Unpredictable Colts
Houston is trying to forget last week’s embarrassing loss and Indianapolis is dealing with several injuries in a game with huge playoff implications.


Yankees Cut Jacoby Ellsbury and Greg Bird
Injuries have prevented Ellsbury, who has more than $26 million left on his contract, from playing since 2017 and also stifled Bird’s career.


Jimmie Johnson, 7-Time NASCAR Champion, Will Retire After 2020 Season
Johnson, 44, joins an exodus of popular drivers that began when Jeff Gordon left the circuit in 2015.


Raymond Poulidor, Cycling’s ‘Eternal Second,’ Is Dead at 83
He never won the Tour de France, cycling’s most important race, but a series of near misses made him a favorite of French fans.


Playing for All the Marbles at the DP World Tour
The results may determine who will win the Race to Dubai and be ranked European No. 1.


Golf Is Global, and So Are the Conditions
Tournaments are played in the desert, on mountains and in the windy cold. They each affect the ball in a different way.


Danny Willett Fights His Way Back
He won the Masters in 2016, but after injuries, his game just seemed to disappear. Not anymore.


