What Is End-to-End Encryption? Another Bull’s-Eye on Big Tech
After years of on-and-off debate over nearly snoop-proof security, the industry is girding for new pressure from law enforcement around the world.


Big Tech’s Toughest Opponent Says She’s Just Getting Started
Margrethe Vestager won praise for her oversight of the tech industry. Now, with more authority from the European Union, she envisions a more aggressive agenda.


Google Stadia Wants You to Replace Your Video Game Console. Don’t.
The search giant’s new console-free gaming service is a neat concept. But there are bugs and too many unknowns.


TikTok’s Chief Is on a Mission to Prove It’s Not a Menace
Alex Zhu, the head of the Chinese-owned viral video app, is trying to assuage Washington’s fears. “I am quite optimistic,” he said.


Free Internet Is Proposed in Britain. Is It Even Possible?
A Labour Party plan to provide government-sponsored broadband service has raised questions about how it would work, and who would pay for it.


No, That Mac Factory in Texas Is Not New
President Trump said on Wednesday that he opened a facility that makes computers for Apple. It’s been operating since 2013.


Uber Embraces Videotaping Rides, Raising Privacy Concerns
The company says it is increasing the recording of rides to settle disputes between drivers and passengers and to improve safety.


Google to Limit Targeting of Political Ads
The company said the ads would not be directed specifically to audiences based on their public voter records or political affiliations.


Tesla’s Winding Road to Berlin
Elon Musk’s announcement of a factory in Germany took the industry by surprise, but the deal had been in the works for months.


Google Hires Firm Known for Anti-Union Efforts
After nearly two years of unrest, the company appears to be cracking down on employee activism.


How a Gig Worker Revolt Begins
Rev was just a small start-up offering online transcriptions. Now it’s the latest symbol of a gig-economy company whose workers are fed up.


Dealing With Bias in Artificial Intelligence
Three women with extensive experience in A.I. spoke on the topic and how to confront it.


U.S. Offers Huawei Reprieve on Monday, but May Crack Down on Friday
The F.C.C. will vote this week on whether to ban federal subsidies from going to the Chinese telecom giant.


Justice Dept. to Abolish Movie Distribution Rules Dating to 1949
The agency says the rules are effectively obsolete because of technological advancements like streaming.


Watch Bees Surf to Safety on Waves They Create
When honeybees fall into water, they generate their own ripples, then glide to dry land, a study found.


T-Mobile’s Longtime C.E.O., John Legere, Will Step Down
Mr. Legere was credited with reviving the telecommunications company. He has been instrumental in navigating T-Mobile’s pending merger deal with Sprint.


SoftBank and Line Corp. Seek to Create a Japanese Internet Giant
Fresh off a multibillion-dollar loss on WeWork, SoftBank plans to shore up its domestic business with a big bet on Japan’s leading messaging app company.


A 17-Mile Hike to Unite San Francisco
A motley alliance decided a single trail could unite this divided city. A sixth-generation native sets out to walk it.


The Streaming Era Has Finally Arrived. Everything Is About to Change.
Once a generation, Hollywood experiences a seismic shift. It is happening again.


Ford Wants to Sell You an Electric S.U.V. It’s Called a Mustang.
Automakers have made battery-powered cars largely to meet environmental rules. Now they’re putting more skin in the game.


WeWork May Lay Off Thousands
The beleaguered office space company is said to be planning to cut its work force by at least a third in a bid to stabilize its business.


HP Rejects Xerox Takeover Bid
The cash-and-stock offer “significantly undervalues HP and is not in the best interests of HP shareholders,” company officials wrote.


For Start-Ups, Cash Is King (Again)
Some are preparing for a potential downturn by cutting spending and raising money earlier than planned. Just as they did before.


Supreme Court to Hear Google and Oracle Copyright Case
The justices agreed to decide whether the search giant was liable for billions in a dispute over its Android operating system.


What Ads Are Political? Twitter Struggles With a Definition
Twitter has said it will ban all political ads. But what is or isn’t a political message is often in the eye of the beholder.


Apple to Ban Vaping Apps From Its Store
A respiratory condition linked to vaping has caused more than 40 deaths and over 2,000 illnesses, according to United States health authorities.


The Week in Tech: Algorithmic Bias Is Bad. Uncovering It Is Good.
We keep stumbling across examples of discrimination in algorithms, but that’s far better than their remaining hidden.


A Paranoid Guide to Fighting the ‘Bugging Epidemic’
With surveillance gear cheaper and easier to use, security experts say checking your environment for cameras and microphones is not a crazy idea.


Can FaZe Clan Build a Billion-Dollar Business?
They already make every moment into consumable content. What can it become?


Amazon Protesting Pentagon’s $10 Billion JEDI Contract
The company said there should be an examination of whether political bias helped Microsoft win the bid.


Whistle-Blower’s Purported Name Keeps Evading Facebook and YouTube Defenses
The sites said they would delete posts that include the purported name of the Ukraine whistle-blower. But the name keeps reappearing.


The Razr’s Back, Flipping Open an Old Love Story
Tapping into nostalgia, Motorola announced the return of the sleek foldable phone. Some praised the update, while others sneered at the $1,500 price.


Apple’s Reach Reshapes Medical Research
The company’s tools enable researchers to track huge numbers of people. But doctors do not yet know if it will significantly improve health outcomes.


Vintage Cars With Old Souls, and Touch Screens and A.C.
“When you drive your collector car you want it to be able to have reliable air conditioning.”


