One Whopper Jr., Hold the Toy
As environmental concerns grow, chains like Burger King and McDonald’s are rethinking what to offer with children’s meals.


What Is End-to-End Encryption? Another Bull’s-Eye on Big Tech
After years of on-and-off debate over nearly snoop-proof security, the industry is girding for new pressure from law enforcement around the world.


Gannett, Now Largest U.S. Newspaper Chain, Targets ‘Inefficiencies’
The merger of GateHouse Media and Gannett is now final, creating the largest newspaper publisher in the nation and raising concerns about the industry’s future.


PG&E Struggles to Find a Way Out of Bankruptcy
California’s largest utility needs to reach a settlement with victims of wildfires and other creditors while fending off calls for a state takeover.


The Suburban Office Park, an Aging Relic, Seeks a Comeback
After losing tenants to revitalized downtowns over the last decade, developers are adding modern amenities to secluded campuses.


Big Tech’s Toughest Opponent Says She’s Just Getting Started
Margrethe Vestager won praise for her oversight of the tech industry. Now, with more authority from the European Union, she envisions a more aggressive agenda.


Apple TV Plus and Disney Plus: What Shows Are Worth Watching?
The initial lineups of original shows on the two streaming services are hit-and-miss. But here are five worth checking out.


The Streaming Era Has Finally Arrived. Everything Is About to Change.
Once a generation, Hollywood experiences a seismic shift. It is happening again.


4 Democratic Candidates Push NBC on Eve of Debate
Citing harassment allegations at the network, Cory Booker, Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren urged its parent, Comcast, to conduct an independent review.


Want the Greenest Device? You May Already Own It
One way to help the planet is not to buy new tech, especially stuff the planet never needed, says Kendra Pierre-Louis, who reports on the environment.


How Democrats Would Tax High-Income Professionals
The primary race has created plenty of talk about levying billionaires. But leading Democratic proposals could also affect millions of well-paid workers.


A Sea Change for Plastic
Architects and designers are finding new workplace and household uses for the stuff polluting our oceans.


What If Porn Had No Pictures?
Female-run businesses want to bring audio pornography to the imaginative, ethically conscious masses.


Rare Virginia Woolf Materials Sold to New York Public Library
The newly acquired items include rarities like eight letters written by Woolf’s husband and sister shortly after she disappeared and committed suicide.


Elon Musk Ordered to Stand Trial in Cave Explorer’s Defamation Case
The explorer had filed a lawsuit last year after Mr. Musk accused him of being a “pedo guy.” Mr. Musk wanted the case thrown out.


Senate Passes Bill to Support Hong Kong Protesters, Putting Pressure on Trump
The House and Senate both passed the bill with a veto-proof majority. It compels the U.S. to penalize Chinese and Hong Kong officials responsible for abuses.


A.M.A. Urges Ban on Vaping Products as Juul Is Sued by More States
The American Medical Association echoed the concerns of California and New York, the latest two states to file lawsuits claiming the company engaged in deceptive marketing to young people.


Trying to Trademark a Meme? OK Boomer
At least five trademark applications are pending for the retort, according to a database for the federal patent office, including one by Fox Media, which hopes to use it for a possible television series.


Vegan Man Sues Burger King, Claiming It Cooks Impossible Whopper Next to Meat
The fast food chain declined to comment on the lawsuit, which follows other controversies over how restaurants prepare orders that are ostensibly meatless.


How a Gig Worker Revolt Begins
Rev was just a small start-up offering online transcriptions. Now it’s the latest symbol of a gig-economy company whose workers are fed up.


TikTok’s Bid to Regain Trust
Having taken a beating over national security concerns, the company is now wondering how it can convince Washington that it’s safe.


Qantas Says It Would Back Suit by Flight Attendant Called Racist by Will.i.am
The musician posted the name and photograph of the airline employee on Twitter after a dispute on a flight in Australia.


Starting Your Own Business Is Hard. Here’s Some Advice.
Other women have done it with great success, and here are some steps you can take to follow their lead.


These Villages in Thailand Are Part of the Global Economy. Go to Ikea to Find Out.
A project employing women from poor hill tribes is transforming lives in northern Thailand.


Dealing With Bias in Artificial Intelligence
Three women with extensive experience in A.I. spoke on the topic and how to confront it.


Poverty Impacts Access to Health Care. These Women Are Trying to Change That.
A look at three women who are working to make people with low incomes healthier.


How Can Female Entrepreneurs Attract Financing?
Money is the biggest stumbling block for start-ups led by women, but there are ways to work around that.


How Democrats Would Tax High-Income Professionals (Not Just the Mega-Rich)
Moody’s data shows that higher taxes would be paid disproportionately in Democratic-leaning states.


Justice Dept. to Abolish Movie Distribution Rules Dating to 1949
The agency says the rules are effectively obsolete because of technological advancements like streaming.


Chick-fil-A Stops Giving to 2 Groups Criticized by L.G.B.T.Q. Advocates
Rights organizations called the decision a positive step but said the fast-food chain should do more.


Pompeo Calls for Restraint in Hong Kong, and McConnell Asks Trump to Speak Up
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the police and protesters should refrain from violence. Senator Mitch McConnell said President Trump should make forceful statements on Hong Kong.


Random House Names a New Publisher and Hires a Top Editor From Knopf
Andy Ward succeeds Susan Kamil, who died in September, and will be replaced in his previous role by Robin Desser, who edited Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Cheryl Strayed at Knopf.


U.K. Election Rivals Try to Offer Business Leaders a Friendly Face
Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn made efforts to dispel past impressions in speeches to Britain’s largest industry group.


GPS for Air Travel Came With Big Downsides: Noise, Then Lawsuits
The F.A.A. is rolling out a system that allows planes to fly closer to one another, but the roar that it creates is unbearable, people in the flight paths say.


Oklahoma Walmart Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, Police Say
A woman and two men were killed in the shooting, which happened in Duncan, Okla.


Trump Meets With Fed Chair Powell for a ‘Cordial’ Talk
The president has made a habit of criticizing the chair of the Federal Reserve, Jerome H. Powell, whom he picked to lead the central bank.


Trump’s Made-for-TV Trade War Keeps World Guessing
The president’s unpredictability and demands of China are complicating an end to the long-running dispute, experts say.


Google Stadia Wants You to Replace Your Video Game Console. Don’t.
The search giant’s new console-free gaming service is a neat concept. But there are bugs and too many unknowns.


T-Mobile’s Longtime C.E.O., John Legere, Will Step Down
Mr. Legere was credited with reviving the telecommunications company. He has been instrumental in navigating T-Mobile’s pending merger deal with Sprint.


Stop! Don’t Charge Your Phone This Way
You might want to think twice before plugging in at an airport or on the train.


SoftBank and Line Corp. Seek to Create a Japanese Internet Giant
Fresh off a multibillion-dollar loss on WeWork, SoftBank plans to shore up its domestic business with a big bet on Japan’s leading messaging app company.


WeWork May Lay Off Thousands of People
The beleaguered office space company could announce plans to cut its work force by at least a third as early as this week.


Maybe This Time, the Bikes Won’t End Up in the River
Uber has launched a bike share program in Rome, where potholes, vandalism, traffic and theft have defeated previous attempts.


TikTok’s Chief Is on a Mission to Prove It’s Not a Menace
Alex Zhu, the head of the Chinese-owned viral video app, is trying to assuage Washington’s fears. “I am quite optimistic,” he said.


Trump Retreats From Flavor Ban for E-Cigarettes
Advisers say the president pulled back from proposed restrictions intended to curb teenage vaping after he was warned of the political fallout among voters.


Ford Wants to Sell You an Electric S.U.V. It’s Called a Mustang.
Automakers have made battery-powered cars largely to meet environmental rules. Now they’re putting more skin in the game.


WeWork May Lay Off Thousands
The beleaguered office space company is said to be planning to cut its work force by at least a third in a bid to stabilize its business.


HP Rejects Xerox Takeover Bid
The cash-and-stock offer “significantly undervalues HP and is not in the best interests of HP shareholders,” company officials wrote.


For Start-Ups, Cash Is King (Again)
Some are preparing for a potential downturn by cutting spending and raising money earlier than planned. Just as they did before.


The Week in Business: Google Is Coming for Your Health Records



Saudi Aramco Sets Its Market Value at Up to $1.7 Trillion
The world’s largest oil company is providing more data for potential investors in its initial public offering, which is expected next month.


Surgery for Blocked Arteries Is Often Unwarranted, Researchers Find
Drug therapy alone may save lives as effectively as bypass or stenting procedures, a large federal study showed.


In Prime Time, Two Versions of Impeachment for a Divided Nation
At a historic moment, viewers turn to MSNBC and Fox News, reflecting a sharp political divide.


Protests Incited by Gas Price Hike Grip Iran
The unrest put renewed pressure on the government as it struggles to overcome U.S. sanctions.


Two Female Writers Quit Patricia Heaton’s CBS Show After Making Complaints
“None of this had to happen”: The network’s new sexual harassment policy did not prevent them from leaving after accusations against the star’s husband, a producer.


Ford Contract Ratified by U.A.W. Members
The terms of the four-year agreement are comparable to those the union reached with General Motors, but without a strike.


U.S. Said to Extend Reprieve for Huawei
The Trump administration is set to extend a license that will allow American companies to continue doing business with the Chinese telecom giant Huawei.


F.A.A. Chief Urges Employees to Resist Pressure to End Max’s Grounding
His video message acknowledged “a lot of pressure to return this aircraft to service” but told workers to “focus solely on safety.”


Whoops. Judge Reduces J&J Opioid Fine After Mistaking Thousands for Millions
Johnson & Johnson will now have to pay $465 million, not $572 million, for its role in Oklahoma’s opioid epidemic.


