Grammy Nominations 2020: Lizzo, Billie Eilish and Lil Nas X Dominate
Young artists lead the major categories as the Recording Academy strives to align its awards with the musicians pushing pop into the future.


Grammys Snubs and Surprises: Taylor Swift, Lil Nas X and More
A new crop of pop stars lead the 2020 nominations, leaving stalwarts like Swift out of some major categories.


At the Entrenched Met Museum, the New Director Shakes Things Up
One year into the job, Max Hollein shows that art shouldn’t be seen solely through a Western lens.


Building David Byrne’s ‘Utopia,’ One Gray Suit at a Time
Bare feet, bare stage, roving musicians — and yes, those suits. Here’s what goes into every performance of the stylish Broadway concert “American Utopia.”


What Happened to the Stolen Gold Toilet?
There is still no sign of Maurizio Cattelan’s “America,” which went missing from a palace in England two months ago. But theories abound.


As Kids, They Starred in Holiday Hits. They Moved On. Can We?
For former child actors best known for Christmas movies, “Groundhog Day” is probably the seasonal film that best describes their experiences.


Mickalene Thomas Shares Everything. Even a New Show
Inviting fellow artists to join her exhibition at the Baltimore Museum of Art fits into her notion that art can create positive change.


After Hiatus, Trump Awards National Arts and Humanities Medals
This year’s winners include Alison Krauss, Jon Voight, James Patterson and the musicians of the United States military.


The Kids Who Love ‘Frozen’ and the Parents Who Love Them
We asked families about life with “Let It Go.” Whether playing it 91 times or blocking their ears, they all agree it has taken over their worlds.


AIDS Memorial Quilt to Return Home to San Francisco
The quilt’s more than 50,000 panels will move to the National AIDS Memorial, while its archive of personal items will go to the Library of Congress.


Meet the Artists in Mickalene Thomas’s Orbit
For her exhibition at the Baltimore Museum of Art, Ms. Thomas pulled on her connections to the city to feature established and emerging artists.


What Small Theater Does for New York? A Lot, Study Finds
Playhouses and troupes beyond Broadway generate $584 million in economic benefit. But dependence on volunteer labor is high.


Grammy Nominations 2020: See the List
Highlights from the 62nd annual awards’ 84 categories.


New York Galleries: What to See Right Now
“Postwar Women” at the Art Students League; “Japan Is America”; Howardena Pindell’s “Autobiography” series; Man Ray’s paintings; and Ebecho Muslimova’s comic, fearless muse.


What If Porn Had No Pictures?
Female-run businesses want to bring audio pornography to the imaginative, ethically conscious masses.


Murder at Lake Maggiore
Piero Chiara’s existential thriller “The Bishop’s Bedroom” explores a dangerous game of deception in the years just after World War II.


Late Night Delights in Republican Response to Purple Heart Veteran
Stephen Colbert joked Tuesday: “The only way Vindman could be more all-American is if he appeared in a Ken Burns documentary about the Statue of Liberty — which he did as a child.”


A Prominent Chinese-American Artist Is the Latest to Fall Afoul of China’s Censors
An upcoming exhibition at a Beijing arts center was canceled, the latest sign of how China’s turn toward a more hard-nosed authoritarianism has crept into civil society.


What’s on TV Wednesday: ‘It’s Always Sunny’ and ‘Lady and the Tramp’
The 14th season of “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” wraps up on FXX. And a live-action “Lady and the Tramp” is on Disney Plus.


Rare Virginia Woolf Materials Sold to New York Public Library
The newly acquired items include rarities like eight letters written by Woolf’s husband and sister shortly after she disappeared and committed suicide.


Review: Female Chemistry in ‘The Half-Life of Marie Curie’
A new play focuses on the first woman to win the Nobel Prize and her friendship with Hertha Ayrton, a fellow scientist played by Kate Mulgrew.


An Artist Who Makes Paintings Without a Canvas
Ahead of a new solo show, Suzanne Jackson talks about her creative routine, her love of jazz music and the worst studio she ever had.


Mustapha Matura, Caribbean Playwright in London, Dies at 79
His often satirical plays spoke for an alienated West Indian population in postwar Britain and for the people he left behind in Trinidad and Tobago.


‘The Hidden History of Burma’ Traces the Vanishing of Hope
Thant Myint-U’s new book offers a deeper understanding of the country’s history and of the trajectory of its de facto political leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.


When You Can’t Afford a Jane Austen Original
A new coffee table book revisits the publishing histories of novels like Pride & Prejudice, Emma and Sense & Sensibility.


The Man Who Was American Music
James Kaplan’s “Irving Berlin” traces a celebrated life that extended over 100 years.


Songs of Survival and Rebellion
Their music spans genres and generations, but six iconic performers strike a similar chord in their new memoirs. The dominant note? Honesty.


What Tweets and Emojis Did to the Novel
The digital age ushered in new ways of reading — and revived old ones (the scroll and the ideogram). Could it also explain the rise of autofiction? Charles Finch considers.


Trying to Trademark a Meme? OK Boomer
At least five trademark applications are pending for the retort, according to a database for the federal patent office, including one by Fox Media, which hopes to use it for a possible television series.


Roman Polanski’s French Film Industry Support May Be Waning
The director’s latest movie is topping the French box office, but a trade association is looking to suspend his membership.


Study of TV Directors Finds Record Level of Diversity
According to a Directors Guild of America report, 50 percent of episodes were directed by women or people of color, a huge increase from five years ago. Still, there were gaps.


My ‘Face Is My Voice’: A Deaf Dancer Lands Her Dream Role
Alexandria Wailes deftly weaves choreography and American Sign Language in Ntozake Shange’s “For Colored Girls.”


A Last Dance for Leonard Cohen
The musician and poet released “You Want It Darker” 19 days before his death in 2016. His son, Adam, finished more songs from those sessions for a posthumous album.


The Best of Philip Glass’s (Many) Operas After ‘Akhnaten’
He has written around 30, depending how you count. Listen to some highlights.


The New ‘Cats’ Trailer Is Here, Now With More Idris Elba
With longer looks at co-stars and a bigger emphasis on plot, the clip  leaves out mention of behind-the-scenes personnel like Andrew Lloyd Webber.


Instead of a New Album, Rihanna Drops a Book
A large-scale memoir-in-images, simply titled “Rihanna,” is the latest in the musician-turned-mogul’s luxury offerings.


Review: In ‘Love in Hate Nation,’ the Revolution Will Not Be Scrutinized
Joe Iconis’s new musical celebrates women’s prison flicks and girl group harmonies. But his teen rebels could use a cause.


Design That’s Got Users in Mind
In “User Friendly,” Cliff Kuang and Robert Fabricant recount America’s long history of making products that take people’s needs into account.


The Other Charles Manson Movie Has a Lot to Say
One of the best movies of 2019, Mary Harron’s “Charlie Says,” evokes counterculture of the late ’60s with relevance for today.


How Do I Fill the ‘Succession’-Size Hole in My Sunday?
A TV critic offers a suggestion, as well as answers to other questions from readers.


Bad Bishops, Bloodletting and a Plague of Caterpillars
“The Corner That Held Them,” by Sylvia Townsend Warner, and “Medieval Bodies,” by Jack Hartnell, consider the pleasures and perils of life in the Middle Ages.


Why Ben Affleck and Gal Gadot Are Tweeting #ReleaseTheSnyderCut
Their superhero film “Justice League” was a critical flop, but the stars want the original director’s vision restored.


The Mister Rogers No One Saw
Fred Rogers wasn’t just a brilliant educator and a profoundly moral person. He was an uncompromising artist.


Apple TV Plus and Disney Plus: What Shows Are Worth Watching?
The initial lineups of original shows on the two streaming services are hit-and-miss. But here are five worth checking out.


Endangered Crafts and the Destinations Keeping Them Alive
Many indigenous crafts worldwide are in danger of becoming extinct, but in some places, efforts to rescue them are underway.


6 Classic TV Series Left Out of the Streaming Boom
Some of best shows in history, like “Homicide: Life on the Street” and “Thirtysomething,” can’t be streamed.


Birthing Bunnies: An 18th-Century Woman’s Bizarre Medical Hoax
Dexter Palmer’s novel “Mary Toft; Or, The Rabbit Queen” spins an actual case of scientific fraud into a cracking tale about the nature of belief.


‘Broke’ Chronicles a City Out of Cash and Awash in Desperation
The new book by Jodie Adams Kirshner follows seven residents of bankrupt Detroit, exposing the effects of decades of disinvestment and failed urban policy.


Meet the Levy Family. Their History Is Our History.
A writer tells the story of a region through the lens of one well-documented clan.


It’s 1468. Why Does the Village Priest Have an iPhone?
At first glance, Robert Harris’s new novel, “The Second Sleep,” appears to be set in 15th-century Britain. Then things get tricky.


‘The Crown’: The History Behind Season 3 on Netflix
As in past seasons, the latest installment of Netflix’s show about the life and times of Queen Elizabeth II melds fact and fiction. Here’s how The Times covered events depicted this season.


Late Night Has a Physical Reaction to Trump’s Hospital Visit
Trevor Noah joked of President Trump’s unannounced visit: “Was it a health emergency or did he need to get a marble removed from his nose again?”


What’s on TV Tuesday: ‘Sorry for Your Loss’ and ‘For Sama’
The finale of Elizabeth Olsen’s show about grief hits Facebook Watch, and a harrowing documentary on the conflict in Syria premieres on PBS.


Fleeing Home, but Not Homophobia
Two plays based on the autobiographical novels of Édouard Louis put the problem of violence against gay men in a larger social context.


Kehinde Lijadu, 71, Outspoken Nigerian Songwriter, Is Dead
As the Lijadu Sisters, she and her identical twin, Taiwo, sang about injustice and hope and had a string of hit records in the 1970s.


A Tiny Brontë Book Comes Home
A museum in Haworth, England, paid $777,000 for one of Charlotte Brontë’s matchbox-size books she wrote when she was a teenager.


There Is a Vagina Museum in London
The world’s first institution dedicated to gynecological anatomy is more of a public health project than a historical tour.


Random House Names a New Publisher and Hires a Top Editor From Knopf
Andy Ward succeeds Susan Kamil, who died in September, and will be replaced in his previous role by Robin Desser, who edited Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Cheryl Strayed at Knopf.


Terry O’Neill, Photographer of the Famous, Is Dead at 81
On an early assignment he shot a new group called the Beatles. He went on to photograph, among many others, Faye Dunaway — whom he later married.


