Grammy nominations 2020: Lizzo leads with 8 nods, followed by Billie Eilish and Lil Nas X
The nominations for music's biggest awards show were announced Wednesday morning.


Michelle Obama, Gaga, J. Lo to join Oprah on wellness tour
Oprah Winfrey’s going on tour, and she’s bringing a rock star lineup with her, including former first lady Michelle Obama and Grammy- and Oscar-winner Lady Gaga.


Tom Hanks just learned he’s related to Mister Rogers, days before his Mister Rogers movie opens
Thanks to researchers at Ancestry.com, the movie star learned that they're sixth cousins.


Series of books planned, based on NYT’s “1619 Project”
The New York Times’ acclaimed “1619 Project” will be the basis for a series of books, for readers of all ages


Long to escape the reality of the political moment? This painting is for you.
Gerhard Richter's "Betty" is arguably the most famous painting by the most influential artist alive.


What to watch on Wednesday: ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ season finale
Wednesday, November 20, 2019 | The Democratic presidential debate on MSNBC.


Molly Solomon promoted to lead NBC Olympics coverage
Molly Solomon to lead NBC Olympics coverage; 1st woman to be executive producer for network sports division


Book about Jack the Ripper’s victims wins nonfiction prize
A book that seeks to restore the humanity of the women murdered by Jack the Ripper has won Britain’s leading nonfiction literary award


The new ‘Cats’ trailer is here. It’s time to discuss these cat bodies.
You have "digital fur technology" to thank for Idris Elba as Macavity.


Duchamp was all about playful subversion. That’s what makes his presence in Washington so fitting.
A significant collection of Marcel Duchamp is promised to the Smithsonian’s Hirshhorn Museum.


A private party vibe for Team Players at Blues Alley
The local group serves a niche audience but delivered its material well to the small crowd.


The best new audiobooks for your Thanksgiving drive
As you sit in traffic, turn up the volume on works by Elizabeth Strout, Amy Waldman and T.J. Stiles


YA favorite Christopher Paolini writes science fiction novel
Christopher Paolini’s next book isn’t only for young people


In ‘Airness,’ the axes are invisible but the play is loud
Chelsea Marcantel’s underdog tale about air-guitar aficionados gets an exuberant run at the Keegan Theatre.


Everything you need to know about Baby Yoda, who is probably not actually Yoda but still very cute
Actually Yoda he is not.


Kelly Clarkson on new music, family life and cruise ships
Kelly Clarkson’s already stacked resume — singer, songwriter, talk-show host, “Voice” coach, children’s book author and mother of four — is growing: she’s now godmother of a famous cruise ship.


White House Christmas tree to be delivered on Monday
The White House is gearing up for Christmas with a tree set to arrive Monday from a Pennsylvania farm


Lady Antebellum get honest, vulnerable on new record ‘Ocean’
The new record from Lady Antebellum feels as vulnerable and honest as a therapy session


Meet the man picked to be host of the ‘Blue’s Clues’ reboot
Joshua Dela Cruz has gone from having a genie as a sidekick to a bright blue puppy — and he couldn’t be happier


Dogs are the new stars of SNL. Here are the goodest boys.
If you need a politics palate cleanser, "Saturday Night Live's" sharp uptick in puppy performers is the key. Here are our favorites.


A new generation of portraits asks: Can you see these people?
The Outwin 2019 competition makes raw visibility its primary subject.


‘This Is Happiness’ is an unforgettable trip to a lost Irish village
Niall Williams’s novel rewards the kind of attention and patience that’s increasingly scarce.


Why an emotional ‘Dancing With the Stars’ episode ended in tears and angry viewers
Ally Brooke begged producers to give James Van Der Beek, who was sent home, her spot in the finale. The actor revealed he almost dropped out of the night's show because his wife had a miscarriage several days ago.


What to watch on TV on Tuesday night: ‘Ernie & Joe: Crisis Cops’ premieres on HBO
Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2019 | “For Sama” premieres on PBS at 10.


About that call: What to watch at Trump impeachment hearings
They heard it firsthand: What to watch as 2 aides on the July 25 call between Trump and Ukraine’s leader testify at public Trump impeachment hearings


First time novelist Ian Williams Wins Giller Price
Frist-time novelist Ian Williams has won Canada’s Scotiabank Giller Prize for his novel “Reproduction”


Michelle Obama signs ‘Becoming’ copies on book’s anniversary
Michelle Obama is marking one year since publication of her best-selling memoir at a book signing in the nation’s capital


In Marie NDiaye’s ‘The Cheffe,’ a genius in the kitchen tries to make it in a man’s world
The French author of “Ladivine” delivers a luminous new novel.


National Symphony Orchestra’s ‘Tristan’ was lacking in D.C. They made up for it in New York.
Goerke’s role debut shows potential — for everyone involved.


Chrissy Teigen, Kim Raver and more cheer ‘Sesame Street’
Chrissy Teigen, Neil Patrick Harris Kim Raver and more cheer ‘Sesame Street’ on its anniversary


Zoltan Fejervari shows off his technique with a program of gems
In WPA recital at the Kennedy Center, the Hungarian pianist plays Janacek, Chopin and Schubert.


Celebrity birthdays for the week of Nov. 24-30
Celebrity birthdays for the week of Nov. 24-30


This ‘Agnes of God’ is blessed by a holy trinity of actors
Factory 449’s small-scale production delivers an expertly performed rumination on crises of faith.


Denver radio station says host wasn’t fired over Trump views
A Denver radio station says one of its hosts wasn’t fired in the middle of his show over criticism of President Donald Trump


‘The Masked Singer’: Patti LaBelle? Wayne Brady? Sherri Shepherd? Our best guesses on the celebrities in disguise.
Is Ms. Patti LaBelle really on "The Masked Singer"? We think so.


‘The Masked Singer’: RuPaul? Adrienne Bailon? Raven-Symoné? Our best guesses on the celebrities in disguise.
Who are the stars behind the Flamingo, Leopard and Black Widow costumes?


‘The Masked Singer’: Michelle Williams? Martin Short? Chris Daughtry? Our best guesses on the celebrities in disguise.
Two singers were unmasked in the Season 2 premiere of Fox's wacky reality show. Here are our best guesses for the other celebrities in disguise.


