In the Race to Live on Land, Lichens Didn’t Beat Plants
A study’s findings add to the case that lichens, which dominate about 7 percent of the planet’s surface, most likely made their way to land some 100 million years after ferns and other vascular plants.


Bubble Subs Arise, Opening Eyes to the Deep Sea
Giant plastic spheres, with walls six inches thick or more, are making the depths of the ocean, and its strange denizens, more accessible.


Watch Bees Surf to Safety on Waves They Create
When honeybees fall into water, they generate their own ripples, then glide to dry land, a study found.


Millions of Ibises Were Mummified. But Where Did Ancient Egypt Get Them?
DNA analysis of the preserved birds found in many catacombs undercuts the explanation that there were large-scale ibis breeding farms.


Hibernation Works for Bears. Could It Work for Us, Too?
A grizzly’s body can slow down for months without damage. Researchers wonder if the ability can be harnessed to aid human health.


How Narwhal the ‘Unicorn’ Puppy May Have Grown a Tail on His Head
The likeliest explanation is not all that cute, some scientists say. But Narwhal is still very cute.


2 Arkansas Chemistry Professors Face Charges of Making Meth
The arrests called to mind the wildly popular television series “Breaking Bad.”


How Did Plants Conquer Land? These Humble Algae Hold Clues
Two algal species share important genes with all modern land plants, a new analysis finds.


A Black Hole Threw a Star Out of the Milky Way Galaxy
So long, S5-HVS1, we hardly knew you.


As Climate Risk Grows, Cities Test a Tough Strategy: Saying ‘No’ to Developers
A fight in Virginia Beach demonstrates the hard choices cities face when the pressure for new homes collides with the rising toll of natural disasters.


Science Was Her Lifeline. Now She Helps Other Girls Discover It.
The STEM summer camp that Sabina London began in high school has grown to serve 17 states.


Will Science Ever Give Us a Better Night’s Sleep?
Unraveling the mysteries of sleep might depend on studying the genes of people who don’t get much.


California to Stop Buying From Automakers That Backed Trump on Emissions
California, hitting back at automakers that sided with President Trump, will not buy from manufacturers that do not recognize its authority to set emissions standards.


Trump Retreats From Flavor Ban for E-Cigarettes
Advisers say the president pulled back from proposed restrictions intended to curb teenage vaping after he was warned of the political fallout among voters.


Surgery for Blocked Arteries Is Often Unwarranted, Researchers Find
Drug therapy alone may save lives as effectively as bypass or stenting procedures, a large federal study showed.


Leonids Meteor Shower Will Peak in Night Skies
Meteor showers can light up night skies from dusk to dawn, and if you’re lucky you might be able to catch a glimpse.


A 9-Year-Old Is About to Get a University Degree. He Has #Giganticplans.
Laurent Simons of Belgium wants to make artificial hearts. He also loves Fortnite and has thousands of followers on Instagram.


To Lower Costs, Trump to Force Hospitals to Reveal Price of Care
A proposed federal rule would make hospitals list the prices they negotiate with insurers, allowing consumers to seek better deals for care.


Infants and Toddlers Eat Too Much Sugar, Researchers Say
Using C.D.C. data, researchers found that 98 percent of toddlers and 60 percent of infants consumed added sugar in sweetened drinks, baked goods and snacks.


Dr. Wayne Bardin, 85, Innovative Researcher on Birth Control, Dies
He helped develop long-acting implanted contraceptive devices — like Norplant, Jadelle and Mirena — used by millions of women around the world.


Sanders’s Climate Ambitions Thrill Supporters. Experts Aren’t Impressed.
Bernie Sanders' plan to tackle climate change would nationalize power plants and end fossil fuels. His supporters are thrilled. Climate experts are not.


Germany Mandates Measles Vaccine
All children attending preschool or higher in the country must be immunized, with fines for parents who do not comply, under a law that is to take effect next spring.


Apple’s Reach Reshapes Medical Research
The company’s tools enable researchers to track huge numbers of people. But doctors do not yet know if it will significantly improve health outcomes.


To Make This Tofu, Start by Burning Toxic Plastic
Plastic waste from America, collected for recycling, is shipped to Indonesia. Some is burned as fuel by tofu makers, producing deadly chemicals and contaminating food.


To Drive Down Insulin Prices, W.H.O. Will Certify Generic Versions
About 80 million people with diabetes around the world need the hormone, and half of them can’t afford it. Creating competition could help, the agency said.


Climate Change Poses Threats to Children’s Health Worldwide
A study from the Lancet points to infectious diseases, worsening air pollution, rising temperatures and even malnutrition as threats to child health as the climate changes.


New York Identifies Hospitals and Nursing Homes With Deadly Fungus
The policy change, for the virulent drug-resistant germ Candida auris, came as the C.D.C. reported that more people are dying of drug-resistant infections than it previously estimated.


3 Cows Swept Out to Sea by Hurricane Dorian Are Found Alive
The cows, believed to have been carried out to sea when the storm hit North Carolina, have been spotted hanging out on the Outer Banks.


