‘Comes down to one guy’: In impeachment probe, all eyes turn to Gordon Sondland
Historians said there’s no precedent for the dilemma confronting Sondland, the U.S. ambassador to the European Union who is set to publicly testify in the House hearings Wednesday.


Bernie Sanders reaches 4 million donations, thanks in part to automatic monthly giving
Candidates are increasingly using this subscription model to cultivate a low-dollar donor base.


4 takeaways from Gordon Sondland’s blockbuster testimony
Gordon Sondland is the most significant witness to date in the impeachment inquiry into Trump.


Impeachment hearings live updates: Trump lashes out as Sondland acknowledges there was a ‘quid pro quo’
Gordon Sondland, the U.S. ambassador to the European Union, will be followed by two other witnesses Wednesday during another lengthy day in the Democratic-led impeachment inquiry into President Trump.


4 takeaways from Gordon Sondland’s blockbuster testimony
Gordon Sondland is the most significant witness to date in the impeachment inquiry into Trump.


Who is Gordon Sondland, and why does his public testimony matter?
Gordon Sondland will testify Wednesday in the impeachment inquiry into Trump, after having revised his previous closed door testimony.


Are ‘bots’ manipulating the 2020 conversation? Here’s what’s changed since 2016.
Suspicion of bots makes sense given what happened in 2016. Their reality is more nuanced now.


Tom Steyer
Tom Steyer, a billionaire activist, started Nextgen America, a PAC that has contributed $230 million to Democrats in the 2014, 2016 and 2018 campaign cycles. Read more about Steyer and find out where he stands on key issues.


Ukraine: The quid pro quo evidence so far
There have been six episodes in which top Trump administration and Ukrainian officials discussed such a potential quid pro quo, according to congressional testimony, public statements and documents.


What the quid pro quo admitted by Gordon Sondland looked like
And who was involved.


Sondland acknowledges there was a ‘quid pro quo’ involving Ukraine
In his sworn testimony, the ambassador to the European Union said President Trump and Giuliani sought to condition a White House invite for Ukraine’s leader on investigations.


The Daily 202: Witnesses called by GOP to defend Trump offer more bad facts for the president
Kurt Volker said he would have said something if he knew Trump broached Biden on the July 25 call.


Who is Gordon Sondland, and why does his public testimony matter?
Gordon Sondland will testify Wednesday in the impeachment inquiry into Trump, after having revised his previous closed door testimony.


The Technology 202: Government should do more to regulate self-driving cars, investigators find after Uber death
The laissez-faire testing environment tech companies have enjoyed may be over.


Are ‘bots’ manipulating the 2020 conversation? Here’s what’s changed since 2016.
Suspicion of bots makes sense given what happened in 2016. Their reality is more nuanced now.


The Energy 202: 2020 candidates back bill to test whether big banks can withstand climate risk
Elizabeth Warren is a key sponsor of the bill by Sen. Brian Schatz.


Pete Buttigieg likely to be a new focus of criticism in Wednesday’s debate
The South Bend, Ind., mayor has been rising in the polls, making him a potential punching bag as Democrats take the stage.


The Health 202: Progressives don’t want the Democratic candidates to nerd out on Medicare-for-all
But questions about cost are important.


Trump press secretary faces backlash over claim that Obama aides left ‘you will fail’ notes
Five former Trump administration officials said they did not recall any such messages, and Grisham modified her assertions later in the day.


The Finance 202: Wall Street sends mixed signals about a possible Warren presidency
Some stocks are already taking a hit.


The Cybersecurity 202: The White House needs a 5G czar to win the race to secure next-generation networks, senators warn
The China threat looms large.


Power Up: ‘The Gordon Problem’ comes to Congress — Sondland’s key testimony a wildcard in impeachment probe
Neither side knows what he will say this morning.


Everything you need to know about the November Democratic debate
Ten Democratic candidates will be onstage at 9 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday for a debate co-hosted by MSNBC and The Washington Post.


Republicans defend Trump as concerned with Ukrainian corruption but aides tell a different story
There is widespread agreement that Ukraine has struggled with corruption, but recent testimony along with interviews with officials who worked closely with the president, raise questions about how much Trump cared about corruption broadly in Ukraine.


