In José Mourinho, Tottenham Takes a Leap of Faith
England just can’t quit the Portuguese coach. But is trusting Spurs’ future to a man whose best days may be behind him a winning bet, or merely a cold, calculated business decision?


The Rebooted Carmelo Anthony: Same as He Ever Was
Anthony, one of the most prolific scorers in N.B.A. history, struggled in his return to the floor on Tuesday. How patient can the Portland Trail Blazers be?


In Astros Inquiry, Rob Manfred Raises Possibility of Big Penalties
The M.L.B. commissioner signaled that the Houston Astros could be subject to serious penalties if they were found to have electronically stolen signs.


Mauricio Pochettino Was So Successful He Couldn’t Win
Pochettino transformed Tottenham into a club that could not afford to fail, and in doing so guaranteed that he would.


George Morris, Equestrian Legend, Is Permanently Barred From the Sport
Accusations of sexual abuse led to the expulsion of Mr. Morris, a former coach of the United States Olympic team.


Vera Clemente, Flame-Keeping Widow of Baseball’s Roberto, Dies at 78
After her husband’s death in a plane crash in 1972, she carried on his humanitarian and philanthropic legacy.


At New Davis Cup Finals, a Quiet Reception for Some Longtime Powers
Spain, the home team, drew a great crowd to the main court, but the United States and Australia — winners of more Davis Cups than any other nations — played on much smaller, quieter stages.


Getting Hockey Referees Ready for the Big Leagues
The N.H.L.’s method for keeping the league supplied with officials was never systematic. So it started to treat potential referees like potential draft picks.


Tottenham Hotspur Installs José Mourinho as Its New Manager
Less than a day after firing Mauricio Pochettino, Spurs named the former Chelsea and United manager as its coach.


Derek Jeter and Co.: The 2020 Baseball Hall of Fame Ballot
Jeter could follow Mariano Rivera as the second unanimous inductee in January, but the rest of the candidates may have more trouble getting into Cooperstown quickly.


Dolphins Cut Mark Walton After Battery Arrest
The Florida police charged the running back with aggravated battery of a pregnant person on Tuesday morning.


Felipe Vazquez of the Pirates Faces 21 New Charges in Child Sex Case
Vazquez, who was arrested in September and charged with statutory sexual assault, is now facing counts of child pornography and unlawful sexual contact with a minor.


A Reworked Davis Cup Requires Some Patience
At the top men’s tennis team event, the emotions were real, even if the crowds were underwhelming.


Tottenham Fires Mauricio Pochettino
Five months after he led Spurs to the Champions League final, the Argentine manager and his entire staff were dismissed.


Jamal Crawford Wants His Melo Moment
In this week’s newsletter, Marc Stein talks to Crawford about his desire to continue playing in the N.B.A., even as his 40th birthday draws near.


Carmelo Anthony Officially Joins the Portland Trail Blazers
The former Knick and 10-time All-Star joins a team off to a disappointing start after a run to the Western Conference finals last season.


Philadelphia Eagles Offer to Host High School Football Game After Shooting
Five men were charged in connection with a shooting at a game that left three people wounded.


Watch Bees Surf to Safety on Waves They Create
When honeybees fall into water, they generate their own ripples, then glide to dry land, a study found.


What to Know This Week in College Basketball
Several teams and players are ahead of expectations, just as early season holiday tournaments roll around.


In the Gilded Big Ten, Rutgers Is Still a Have-Not
Its athletic program was criticized as unprepared to enter the Big Ten and it seems to encounter a crisis a day. With Rutgers, it always comes back to money.


