Gerardo Parra signs in Japan, ending ‘Baby Shark’ era at Nationals Park
The veteran outfielder, a key piece of the Nationals' championship run, signed with a Japanese professional team on Wednesday.


Colin Kaepernick isn’t bending to the NFL, and he’s beating the league at its own game
Kaepernick dared to out-NFL the NFL. The league created a publicity stunt disguised as a tryout. He crafted his own rebuttal.


Need help deciphering the top of the College Football Playoff rankings? Check the bottom.
In the battle over who’s No. 1, games such as Texas vs. Iowa State — now with eight losses between them — carry significant sway.


Capitals forward Garnet Hathaway faces possible discipline for spitting
All match penalties carry with it an ejection and an automatic suspension pending review by the NHL office.


On Capitol Hill, officials line up to back Enes Kanter, NBA player and political dissident
Since emerging as one of Turkey’s most vocal political dissidents after a failed coup in 2016, Kanter, 27, has cultivated almost his own caucus among U.S. lawmakers.


Ted Leonsis still believes Wizards’ turnaround can be ‘quick,’ already sees signs of life
Unlike in previous years, Leonsis will not judge the team on its record.


Banished after Baylor rape scandal, Art Briles is coaching again and wants to leave it at that
‘I was hired to coach football’: Exiled in East Texas, he seems happiest keeping himself in the dark of a film room.


Charles Barkley apologizes for telling reporter, ‘I don’t hit women, but if I did, I would hit you’
Barkley said he was trying to make a "joke that wasn't funny at all."


Simone Biles ‘sick to my stomach’ over Michigan fraternity’s Larry Nassar joke
The University of Michigan announced Tuesday that its chapter of Psi Upsilon “will be pursuing corrective action” against those responsible for the banner.


Week 12 fantasy football rankings
See how NFL players stack up in Week 12.


José Mourinho, who once said he’d never coach Tottenham, is new coach at Tottenham
In need of a turnaround, slumping Spurs turn to controversial yet successful manager.


Some new looks yield the same result: Another double-digit win for No. 6 Maryland
In a 74-55 victory over Fairfield, four players reached double digits for the sixth-ranked Terps, led by a game-high 17 points from Jalen Smith.


Carmelo Anthony’s debut opens with a swish but ends with nagging questions
Carmelo Anthony had approached this long-awaited return with a flair for the dramatic, releasing a YouTube hype video and posting a cryptic explanation about his decision to don “00" to Instagram.


W.T. Woodson sweeps its way to the Virginia Class 6 volleyball championship match
The Cavaliers beat Washington-Liberty in straight sets to advance to the state title match for the first time.


Loudoun County volleyball stands a win away from its eighth straight state title
The Raiders blitzed host Blacksburg in straight sets to advance to Friday’s Class 4 championship match against Grafton.


The College Football Playoff rankings are out. Here’s what the contenders must do next.
The top four has been solid for consecutive weeks. The question remains which team will rise should one of the prospective semifinalists falter over the regular season’s final weeks.


Pills, foil with residue found in home of Redskins’ Montae Nicholson after woman’s apparent overdose, search warrant says
Nicholson’s lawyer said the drugs belonged to a guest and his client had no knowledge of them.


Court sides with MASN in a profit distribution dispute with the Nationals
A New York state appellate court ruled that a dispute between the Nationals and MASN can be decided by an arbitrator.


Miami Dolphins cut player after he allegedly assaulted his pregnant girlfriend
Mark Walton might be out of chances in the NFL after his fourth arrest this calendar year.


Raptors GM draws on mixed upbringing in building team’s post-Kawhi Leonard identity
Bobby Webster's "best of both worlds" mentality is helping to guide his organization through the identity overhaul prompted by Kawhi Leonard's departure.


Charles Barkley apologizes for telling reporter, ‘I don’t hit women, but if I did, I would hit you’
Barkley said he was trying to make a "joke that wasn't funny at all."


Carmelo Anthony’s debut opens with a swish but ends with nagging questions
Carmelo Anthony had approached this long-awaited return with a flair for the dramatic, releasing a YouTube hype video and posting a cryptic explanation about his decision to don “00" to Instagram.


Simone Biles ‘sick to my stomach’ over Michigan fraternity’s Larry Nassar joke
The University of Michigan announced Tuesday that its chapter of Psi Upsilon “will be pursuing corrective action” against those responsible for the banner.


José Mourinho, who once said he’d never coach Tottenham, is new coach at Tottenham
In need of a turnaround, slumping Spurs turn to controversial yet successful manager.


Raptors GM draws on mixed upbringing in building team’s post-Kawhi Leonard identity
Bobby Webster's "best of both worlds" mentality is helping to guide his organization through the identity overhaul prompted by Kawhi Leonard's departure.


TV and radio listings: February 25
Your guide to the world of sports on television and radio.


Alex Smith’s progression from a hospital bed to a treadmill, in one striking Instagram video
Monday marked one year since the Redskins quarterback suffered a devastating leg injury.


The Redskins hit rock bottom again. It’s a tradition with them.
Is an ugly loss at home to the Jets the worst it can get for Washington? Probably not.


Jeffrey Wright was a local lacrosse star long before finding fame in Hollywood
The star of HBO's "Westworld" recently appeared at St. Albans, his alma mater.


Hail or Fail: Fans chant ‘sell the team’ as Redskins hit a new low in loss to Jets
Washington is off to its worst 10-game start since 1961.


Bad is good? The Redskins are making a serious run at the No. 1 pick in the draft.
The latest loss gives Washington a better than 50-50 chance of picking in the top two spots of the 2020 NFL draft, with a one in three chance of picking first overall.


While the Redskins chase shiny objects, smart NFL teams build with linemen
The organization has never valued consistent hard work, and that has resulted in its current failures.


Next step for Nationals’ top prospect Carter Kieboom depends on Anthony Rendon
Kieboom could play second base or be the replacement for Anthony Rendon at third.


Trea Turner has surgery to repair right index finger
Nationals shortstop played through injury for much of the season after getting hit by pitch trying to bunt.


Coach K loves the Cubs, but became ‘a huge fan’ of Dave Martinez’s Nats this season
Legendary Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski knew the Nationals had championship potential in August after they swept Chicago at Wrigley Field.


Capitals show some fight as brawl interrupts a win over the Ducks
Garnet Hathaway earns a match penalty for spitting during a second-period melee, and Washington goes on to win, 5-2.


Travis Boyd making a case to remain with the Capitals as injuries linger
Carl Hagelin (upper body) and Nic Dowd (hand) will not play tonight against Anaheim. Both players are still considered day to day, with Hagelin's return closer than Dowd's, per Coach Todd Reirden.


League-leading Capitals leaning on belief, buy-in through first 22 games
Washington rallied again to prevail, 3-2, in a shootout Saturday in Boston.


How Scott Brooks missed his chance to meet Prince, and more tales from Wizards’ road trip
Don’t ask the coach to sing “When Doves Cry.”


Bradley Beal can’t stop the Wizards from suffering another dispiriting loss to the Magic
Orlando entered Sunday as one of the worst offensive teams in the NBA, but it withstood Beal’s hot shooting and won, 125-121.


‘Mo talk trash and get up under your skin’: Wizards’ Wagner is a little pest in a big man’s body
The Wizards' backup center has the protection but also the gumption to take contact where others might flee.


Ben Olsen is likely to return as D.C. United coach
Olsen, the club's coach since late 2010, has not won a playoff game since 2015.


George Mason soccer coach Greg Andrulis resigns after 15 seasons
The Patriots were 4-12-2 this fall under the former MLS coach and have not made the NCAA tournament since 2013.


Megan Rapinoe won a Woman of the Year award. She thanked Colin Kaepernick.
The soccer star vowed "to work relentlessly to dismantle" a system that "is quite literally tearing us apart in this country."


The Eagles are the NFL’s biggest enigma just two seasons removed from a Super Bowl win
Carson Wentz and Philadelphia are at a crossroads after their future once appeared limitless.


The Redskins are making it harder to care about them with each passing loss
On another empty Sunday at FedEx Field, there is little for home fans to get excited about.


Lamar Jackson has won over his teammates, his doubters and all of Baltimore
The Ravens quarterback was again spectacular in a blowout win over Houston, and he is firmly in the NFL MVP race.


Mark Cuban thinks load management is a win for the NBA, but it’s fans who lose
A family of four must Airbnb its guest room if it wants to afford going to a game, and then when you get there, the marquee players might be sitting out?


Maryland walk-on Reese Mona earned a rare moment in the spotlight. He didn’t waste it.
Mona scored five points Saturday against Oakland, enjoying the fruits of his work behind the scenes.


As Javon Leake becomes a standout for Maryland, his dad follows as best he can from prison
“The way he’s elevated his game is just amazing,” Joel Simpson said of Maryland's leading rusher and standout kick returner. “I just want to witness that with my own eyes.”


Aaron Wiggins has become stronger and more confident, but Maryland wants more
The sophomore has shown growth early this season after taking frank advice from Coach Mark Turgeon.


Girls’ soccer Top 10: SMAC schools Calvert, Northern win Maryland championships
Spalding tops the fall's final rankings.


Field hockey Top 10: State title propels Langley to No. 1
The Saxons' first state title pushed them to the top. Maryland state champions Severna Park (4A) and Marriotts Ridge (2A) also climbed in the rankings.


